# TC Meeting 2024-09-10

Present: Frederik, Max, Loic, Florian, Tristram, Cornelius, Stephanie; Excused: Adrian

## Agenda

* Report of TC at board meeting on September 26
* Onboarding (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/labels/Onboarding)
* How to keep project list (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/projects.md) in sync with actual repositories?

## Protocol

* RCM OSS repository is successfully migrated, permissions are set. Ready to go.
* Report of the TC at board meeting
  * Status update on onboarding projects
* DAC Migration DSS:
  * Mathematical model is ready, people are assigned, coding will start soon, once organizational issues are resolved.
  * Reaching out to possible new contributors, for example at Dreil√§nderhack end of September.
  * Setting up repository by next week. We will start with a template repository.
* OSRD
  * publiccode.yml is in OSRD repo now, so that it can be pulled in from the website
  * REUSE is set up
  * DCO is set up, doesn't work with MergeQueue GitHub App, OSRD will use an alternative (classic GitHub action), updates on the documentation (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/project-handbook/dco.md) are welcome
* How to keep project list (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/projects.md) in sync with actual repositories?
  * We add a step to the project handbook section about new repositories (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/project-handbook/github-management.md#repositories) to make a pull request for updating the repository list ((https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/projects.md) (Max)
  * We also add an item to the onboarding checklist (Cornelius)
  * We regularly check in the Technical Committee if the list is up to date.
  * osrd-images needs to be added
  * rcm-dx needs to be added
* For OSRD moving to the Incubation stage we use the list of criteria from https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/0972e2f63c9d24187fba305017708d791d15d092/incubation_process.md as questionnaire and discuss answers from OSRD why and how they fullfil the criteria at the next TC meeting. We use that to refine the process and the criteria while going. A concrete example will help to discuss this without being to abstract.
* Max documented the technical infrastructure and how it's managed: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/132. Comments are welcome.
