# TC Meeting 2024-12-17

Present: Cornelius, Max, Loic, Tristram, Frederik

## Agenda

* New project proposal: Trainpositioning lib (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/177/files)
* Requirements for incubation stage 2: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/milestone/5
* Start project in OpenRail : what is the process ?
* Availability and planning of next meetings

## Protocol

* Trainpositioning lib
  * Proposal for trainpositioning lib is in. The questionnaire is filled out. We will review it until next meeting and discuss it then.
  * Cornelius will invite Mathias to the next meeting to present the project to the TC
  * Maybe it would be helpful to get access to the code, if that is possible, to have a closer evaluation
* Requirements for incubation stage 2: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/milestone/5
  * It could be helpful to review projects regularly, e.g., once a year, to look at the project and check things like the OpenSSF scorecard and other requirements on the projects. Projects should be responsible and act autonomously, but the TC can support and help with reviews.
  * Milestone and its issues contain the up to date information. Documented decisions of today's meeting there.
  * Goal: Complete the criteria by end of January
* Start project in OpenRail : what is the process ?
  * Two potential projects which could have an impact by establishing open standards
  * Incubation process works as we have it for new projects as well, example is DAC Migration DSS. Starting point is filling the questionnaire
* Next meeting will be January 7th
