# TC Meeting 2024-07-30

Present: Cornelius, Stephanie, Florian, Adrian, Frederik; Excused: Max, Loic

## Agenda

* Onboarding liblrs
* How do we want to work with GitHub issues?
  * Reflect onboarding as issue?
  * Working with assignees

## Protocol

* How do we want to work with GitHub issues?
  * For notifications and assigning people to issues it would help to have a GitHub Team for all TC members.
  * The team config is not in sync with the MAINTAINERS file. We should fix this.
  * For asynchronous work it would help to define small projects so that members of the TC can plan and spend some time on it if they are available.
  * Grabbing issues and assigning yourself is always welcome
  * We will use issues to track onboarding
* Onboarding liblrs: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/103
* MAINTAINERs file: The file in the root of the directory should represent who are the first points of contact for the projects as a whole. More fine-grained maintainer structure can be defined in MAINTAINERS files in sub directories or another way which makes it transparent (linking to CODEOWNERS files etc.)
