# TC Meeting 2024-09-17

Present: Frederik, Max, Loic, Florian, Tristram, Cornelius, Stephanie, Adrian 

## Agenda

* Report of TC at board meeting on September 26
* Onboarding (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/labels/Onboarding)
* OSRD stage 2 proposal: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/141
* Conferences which are relevant for users/creators of current/future OpenRail projects

## Protocol

* Report of TC at board meeting on September 26
  * Documentation for projects is evolving at https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/tree/main/project-handbook
  * Projects will be on the web site by the board meeting (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/95)
  * Loic will prepare the TC slides for the board meeting and share for review
* Onboarding (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/labels/Onboarding)
  * Updates are in the issues
* OSRD stage 2 proposal: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/141
  * We take the time to review the pull request
  * We add a second questionnaire for stage 2 in a separate file and group the project proposals per stage. Cornelius will create the structure on GitHub.
  * Add to the questionnaire, that the REUSE linter has to run and be green, and that the DCO bot has to be enabled. Plus link to documentation of the project in CONTRIBUTING.md that REUSE and DCO are required. REUSE badge in the project would be an additional option.
  * Activity of a project can't be measured in a standardized way. Providing metrics and interpretation depending on the projects context is the way to go. Data from GitHub Pulse can be linked and doesn't necessarily need to be copied.
  * Open communication channels is an important point. We want to add this to the criteria. For smaller projects a pragmatic way is good enough, like discussing through issues, but not having to set up a Matrix server or something like that.
  * Do we want to host our own Matrix server? Running a server for multiple projects is not trivial. Maintenance takes time. We could also use an existing public server. We can leave it to the projects for now until there is clear demand for setting up something central. We could make a recommendation to projects what to use.
  * What are the minimum requirements for open communication? Roadmap public, most important design decisions, explaining why pull requests are rejected, etc. We will refine that based on existing examples. Most important is that projects are responsive.
  * Requirement for setting up security scanning tools as provided by GitHub should be added to the criteria for stage 2, making sure that dependencies are up to date
  * Adding a security policy for reporting security issues in SECURITY.md should be added to the criteria for stage 2
* Conferences which are relevant for users/creators of current/future OpenRail projects
  * General open source conferences such as FOSDEM
  * What are more railway specific conferences where people can be met which are at the intersection of railways and open source?
    * World congress for railway research (WCRR), Denver, Colorado, 2025; researchers need access to software to create value
    * IoT and Big Data in Rail (https://iotandbigdatainrail.com/), Cologne, 2024; interest in open source solutions
    * Alpine Rail Optimisation (https://alpinerailoptimisation.com/), October 2025
    * https://www.railwaygazette.com/events/rail-industry-events-2024
  * Open Source Experience, Paris, November 2024, CfP already closed, maybe next year
  * VivaTech, area for transportation
  * InnoTrans is most important, huge event, hard for small organization such as OpenRail to have a good presence
  * Association for Public Transportation, US
  * If you have more ideas, or want to attend such a conference and present OpenRail related projects, get in contact with OpenRail communication team (e.g. via Max or Simon)
