# TC Meeting 2024-10-08

Present: Florian, Tristram, Cornelius, Stephanie, Adrian, Frederik, Loic, Peter; Excused: Max

## Agenda

* Onboarding (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/labels/Onboarding)
* Requirements for incubation stage 2 (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/milestone/5)

## Protocol

* Project status
  * libLRS, onboarding is work in progress, see issue
  * RCM OSS needs a new repository to publish scripts for reading RCM DX format. We will create a new repo for that. Cornelius will sort that out with Lukas.
  * DAC Migration DSS, onboarding is work in progress, see issue. Project was present at Dreiländerhack and the related challenge won the third prize.
  * OSRD
    * Work on getting ready for stage 2
    * OpenSSF scorecard (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/153), we probably want a shortlist of criteria which are relevant for us or require a minimum score.
    * Next step is setting up the questionnaire (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/145)
* For defining the incubation stage 2 and its remaining criteria where there are open questions we track that in the GitHub milestone https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/milestone/5. Discussions take place in the issues.
* We joined the waitlist for GitHub Evolved Issues (https://github.blog/changelog/2024-10-01-evolving-github-issues-public-beta/)
* NGE was used and tested during Dreiländerhack and turned out to be useful. Could have a good impact on the planning process for more people and organizations. The hosting of the demo instance by Flatland helped.
* Hosting of an OSRD demo instance would also be helpful. Discussion with the Flatland Association if that would be possible via their infrastructure.
* Application for DevRoom "Railways and Open Transport" at FOSDEM is going on. Hopefully it will be accepted, so we can cover the topics at the conference again.
