# TC Meeting 2024-06-04

Present: Cornelius, Peter, Loic, Stephanie, Florian; Excused: Frederik; Guest: Max

## Agenda

* Inviting Technical Infrastructure Manager from OpenRail Team as permanent guest to the TC meetings
* Mailing list/contact address for TC
* Management of GitHub organization (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/project-handbook/github-management.md)
* Preparation of TC report for board meeting
* NGE proposal (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/68)
* Criteria for incubation stages 2 and 3 (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/incubation-process.md)

## Protocol

* We decide to invite the Technical Infrastructure Manager from OpenRail Team (Max) as permanent guest to the TC meetings
* Mail setup is ready: technical-committee@openrailassociation.org as external email address to a mailing list, where we add the official members of the TC. Max will add the list of official members (see README) plus himself as technical manager, and Cornelius as an additional moderator. Once we have added the members we test with a welcome mail and check if the mailing list can be used for meeting invitations.
* We keep the Signal group as secondary channel for urgent communication
* Management of GitHub organization: The process in the project-handbook describes the process and automation to add members to the project. It automatically updates team memberships every 24 hours.
* We need a general approach to handle GitHub apps. Right now we have set up one for Matrix integration with the osrd repository and another one for status pulling. It would be good to make it transparent and document what apps we use and why and what for.
* Preparation of TC report for board meeting (2024-06-27)
  * Cornelius will prepare one or two slides for the board meeting
  * Content will be updated about what happened since the last board meeting
  * Scope of the TC is candidates (started the questionnaire) and members (already accepted)
* NGE proposal. We discussed some questions, Peter will update the questionnaire together with the NGE people. We will continue the review asynchronously on GitHub. There already is collaboration with OSRD going on. This is very positive which should ideally already be reflected in the questionnaire.
* SBB is working with a sponsor to provide a demo version of NGE. Might be useful for future OpenRail projects as well.
* Main topic for next week: Discuss criteria for projects to move to stage 2 of the incubation process (see https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/incubation-process.md#stage-2-incubation)
