# TC Meeting 2024-06-18

Present: Peter, Stephanie, Loic, Florian, Cornelius; Excused: Max

## Agenda

* Project Proposal: NGE (#68)
  * License questions on dependencies
  * Input regarding OSRD collaboration
  * What else do we need to take a decision?
* Onboarding RCM OSS
* Criteria for stage 2 of the incubation process (#78)

## Protocol

* NGE
  * The current license list of the dependencies doesn't seem to be accurate. But they are all only open source. So we postpone a more detailed check to later. It also would be good to come up with a general recommendation how to check for licenses and create SBOMs. There are various open source tools to do that. Quality varies and usefulness of results might depend on the concrete project.
  * OSRD collaboration is mentioned in the proposal now
  * The TC decides to accept the project as OpenRail Association project and will ask the board for final approval of this decision via email (Cornelius will write the email to the board once Peter has updated the proposal with the license information as we discussed).
* RCM OSS
  * Next step is the moving of the repository to the OpenRail Association namespace on GitHub
* Criteria for stage 2 of the incubation process
  * Criteria for committers are ok
  * Release process is also ok, publically documented release process would match the requirement of a "clear" process
  * Specifications with public reference implementation. What does "public" mean, do we want to require it to be open source? We do want to see that for the Graduation stage, we also want to see that for the Incubation stage, to make it clear where the direction goes. This is not about providing a service running software implementing the standard, but to have software available as a reference which is suitable to check implementation of the specification, e.g. for interoperability.
  * Open governance should be defined a little bit better, what it means in detail.
  * Business roadmap could also be part of the open governance definition
  * Production in IT means running in a production environment. This will probably not apply to all our use cases, where we would assume production quality of the software. It's about using it professionally for the purpose it was made for, not so much about the specific environment. It's used for business purposes, not just for testing. Research projects might stay in the Sandbox stage until they are productized or made ready for being used for business purposes.
  * Topics REUSE and DCO we schedule for next TC meeting, comments and additions on the pull request are welcome anytime.
