# TC Meeting 2024-11-05

Present: Florian, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram, Loic

## Agenda

* Onboarding (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/labels/Onboarding)
    * Liblrs is under OpenRailAssociation (thanks @Cornelius)
    * Liblrs is onboarded
    * NGE: Still need to move the repository

* Should we have a specific group for liblrs or use the OSRD one?
    * https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/openrail-org-config/pull/31
    * The answer is no, we keep the projects separate.

* Fosdem: Call for paper:
    * OSRD/NGE talk: Check with Adrian

* Requirements for incubation stage 2 (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/milestone/5)
    * This [PR](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/159) is merged so proper application can be done now.

* Storing large files issue:
    * OSRD has to upload video (talks)
    * NGE has to upload video (tutorial)
    * Can OpenRailAssociation provide a storage solution for projects? (Like S3)

* Can OpenRailAssociation host the project application (for sandbox and demo)?
    * NGE: hosted by Flatland
    * OSRD: looking for a solution

* Loic: looking for a stand at InnoTrans (2026) to present open rail projects.

* Both topics can be brought to the board of directors.
