# Meeting on 2025-02-25

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Loïc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* Report of the TC at the board meeting on March 26th, first draft of slides needed by Feb 27th
* Annual report, project sections (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/annual-report/milestone/1)
* OSRD stage 2: Confirm checklist

## Protocol

* Requires 1 or 2 slides for the board meeting.
  * First review of the draft Friday 28th.
  * Who is preparing the draft: Florian + Loïc
  * Who is presenting: Florian
  * Topics (check slides):
    * Notes: Move the projects list to the TC
    * New chair
    * Stage 2 questionnaire and process are defined.
    * Handbook
    * OSRD Stage 2
    * Waiting for TPlib to open their code
* Annual report:
  * We have a draft for libLRS
  * Peter and Cornelius plan to merge all parts and make it consistent.
      * OSRD's PR must be modified to transform bullet points into phrases. This will make the report more homogeneous.
  * The last missing draft PR is for DAC migration (Cornelius will ping Frederik)
  * Cornelius and Peter have meetings to work on the report, we can contact them to join.
  * We should add a picture (screenshots for example) for each project. They can be added [here](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/annual-report/tree/main/2024/images).
  * We don't require a logo for now, cause it brings up a lot of questions.
* OSRD Stage 2: Promoted :tada:
  * Can a project lose it?
  * Should we have a review (like every year)? (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/181)
  * We could check how other organizations are handling this.
  * We could improve the process diagram
* We need to document how to use badges. We keep small badges (shields.io style).

