# Meeting on 2025-04-22

Present: Florian, Peter, Frederik, Cornelius, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* Naming scheme for incubation stages (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/214)
* Cloud-Hosting of OSRD by Flatland Association: Further discussion?
* Chat-Tool
* NextCloud
* TC Retro

## Protocol

* Naming scheme for incubation stages (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/214)
    - **Onboarded** will be used see: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/214
* OSRD devops will plan a meeting with Max to setup a Matrix server.
    - The TC has a Signal channel, should we migrate to a Matrix room?
    - Moving to Matrix will allow using it without client (using a web browser)
    - Once the Openrail server is created we will create a room and try clients to see if it fits our needs.
* We don't have decent workflows with NextCloud to edit office documents.
    - It is used by the Openrail Team to share some markdown files.
    - We can keep using Github for the TC
* Would it be nice to do a retro on how the TC works w/ Melanie?
    - Discussion:
        - Stephanie: Good idea
        - Peter: For now is okay since we don't have too many projects. It's a good idea to do a retro now.
        - Cornelius: I think that we can keep our current way to work until it breaks.
        - Florian: Good idea but should not take too much time.
        - Cornelius: Thought of using a 1h slot. Next week or later.
    - We checked our agenda and everyone should be there next week.
    - Cornelius will ask Melanie if she's okay to organise it for next week meeting.
