# Meeting on 2025-05-13

Present: Frederik, Lo√Øc, Max, Peter, Tristram

## Agenda

* TP-Lib status
* Netzgrafikeditor status
* OSRD/Flatland exchange

## Protocol

* TP-Lib status: team at Infrabel is loaded with other tasks and lack resources, low priority
  * Loic and Florian will send a kind email to Peter F. from Infrabel to ask whether this can be supported
* Netzgrafikeditor status: Lukas will contact Max, Lukas supports Adrian
* Exchange between OSRD and Flatland Association regarding demo instance is planned. Loic will report in 2 weeks
