# Meeting on 2025-05-20

Present: Stephanie, Peter, Tristram, Max, Florian

## Agenda

* Organization for the december event at Paris
* Netzgrafikeditor status
* OSRD/Flatland exchange
* 3rd stage
* Preparation for the next BoD (25th of June)

## Protocol

* A first meeting took place to "organize the organization".
  * Multiple "commitee" will be created and anyone will be able to join to participate.
* Netzgrafikeditor status: Lukas and Max are currently in contact
  * Once the repository will be moved to the openrail association, they're open to add a maintainer from the OSRD team.
* Exchange between OSRD and Flatland Association: we have a meeting tomorrow
* 3rd stage: Waiting for Cornelius (subject for next week).
* Preparation for the next BoD (25th of June): We still have a bit of time to prepare it.
