# Meeting on 2025-01-14

Present: Adrian, Cornelius, Frederik, Max, Peter, Tristram

## Agenda

* NGE repo
* tp-lib proposal
* Review of READMEs
* Project presentation
* Election of the chair of the TC
  
## Protocol

* NGE repo move
  * Move is on the task list
* trainpositioning-lib proposal (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/177)
  * RCM DX is in the same domain, future interaction possible
  * We still need a meeting with Mathias to present and discuss the project with the TC
  * Answers to questions need to be worked into the questionnaire text
  * We weren't able to look at the code yet
  * Not taking a decision today, waiting for the open issues to be resolved
* As a general requirement for projects which already have code that is not open source yet, we need to have access to the code before we can decide on a new project proposal. Being able to give us access is a prerequisite for being able to open source it anyway. We need to add that to the documentation of the incubation process (probably the questionnaire)
* Review of READMEs, Stephanie did a review, looking good
  * liblrs would benefit from adding introductory lines and a license section
* Project presentation on the web site (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/187)
  * Videos can be on the project's own pages, should not be on the overview
  * Current state is not bad, with the link to GitHub there is access to all other information
  * On a dedicated project page, especially when having more projects, we could have some featured projects at the top (and on the main website)
  * We should show the business domain, we can do that once we have the list of domains (on the todo list of Loic and Peter)
  * Logos: at the moment most projects don't have a logo. We should think about creating a consistent set of logos. The question is how they are produced.
  * Further presentation improvements can be discussed in the issue
* Election of chair of TC
  * Decision: Do the election on Jan 28
  * We will talk about the procedure and candidates next week
