# Meeting on 2025-10-28

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Peter, Tristram, Frederik

## Agenda

- **Business diagrams for ORA projects**
- **PopUpSim proposal**
- **FOSDEM updates**

## Minutes

### *Business Diagrams for ORA Projects**

- **Domain Document:**
  - The **Technical Committee (TC)** will maintain and publish it on the [TC website](https://projects.openrailassociation.org/).
  - **Project Mapping:** Use `publicode.yml` files in each project repository to map projects to their respective domains. ([More details](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/landscape/blob/main/README-publiccode-yml.md)).

### **AMS Update**
- **Action:** @flomonster will follow up for any updates.

### **PopUpSim Proposal**
- **Status:** Approved and merged. The repository has been successfully migrated. ðŸŽ‰

### **FOSDEM Devroom**
- **Approval:** Confirmed for a **Sunday afternoon time slot**.
- **Next Steps:**
  - Projects are encouraged to submit presentation proposals.
  - Felix GÃ¼ndling has been added as a room organizer.
