# Meeting on 2025-11-04

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Peter, Max, Frederik, Stephanie, Loïc

## **Agenda**

- **Domain Capabilities:** [PR #11](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/landscape/pull/11)
- **AMS Update**
- **Demo Website for OSRD**
- **ORA Day: FAQ**
- **FOSDEM Devroom**

## **Minutes**

### **Domain Capabilities**

- **Discussion:** Should we include capability **IDs** in the project YAML file?
  - **Goal:** Keep data sources clean and minimize errors.
  - **Generated Website:** Will include **ID, name, and diagram**.
  - **ID Format Proposal:**
    - Use **human-readable IDs** (e.g., `inform_customer/publish_passenger_timetable`).
    - **Name Example:** *Publish Passenger Timetable and Route Information*.
    - **Check:** Can Hugo weights be auto-generated with this new ID format?
- **Next Steps:**
  - Review the **PR (CSV file)** for naming and descriptions.
  - Add **CSS styling**.

### **AMS Update**

- **Challenge:** Difficult to transition their repository to **open source** before the **OpenRail Day**.

### **Demo Website for OSRD**

- **Redirect:** `demo.osrd.fr` → `osrd.openrailassociation.org`.
- **Action Items:**
  - Loïc will coordinate with **Flatland**.
  - OSRD will draft a **LinkedIn/Mastodon post** (Max to review and publish under ORA).
    - **Requirement:** Post must first appear in the **News section** of the ORA website.
- **Note:** NGE will continue using **Flatland services**.

### **OpenRail Day**

- **Timeline:**
  - Website and invitations will be sent **this week**.
  - Forward invitations to the **curated mailing list**.

### **FOSDEM Devroom**

- **Deadline:** Talk submissions open until **November 30**.
- **Reference:** [PR #5](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/FOSDEM/pull/5).
