# Meeting on 2025-03-25

Present: Florian, Frederik, Max, Peter, Tristram, Loic

## Agenda

* Annual report
* CFL: (Société Nationale des Chemins de Fer Luxembourgeois)
* Matrix
* Host a public instance of OSRD with Flatland Infrastructure
* Weblate

## Protocol

* Annual report: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/annual-report
  * We are good to do a final round to add design/graphics elements
* CFL is interested in the OpenRailAssociation, we can send them the annual report / make a presentation
  * They would like a presentation of the current projects.
  * They have questions about our IT infrastructure.
* We can join efforts with OSRD (since they already have a server running)
  * Do we have security issues for private data shared on Matrix? We can create confidential (encrypted) rooms. We can advertise the fact to not share data on this Matrix server.
  * We will set up a meeting with Max, Elyse, and Florian to talk about hosting the OpenRailAssociation server
* Weblate: Should we create an OpenRailAssociation organization so multiple projects can be grouped?
  * OSRD can create the org and add Max as admin

