# Meeting on 2025-09-30

Present: Adrian, Cornelius, Florian, Frederik, Lo√Øc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* PopUpSim, new project as part of DAC Migration DSS (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/272)
* AMS project proposal (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/273)

## Protocol

* PopUpSim
  * Discussion about the questionnaire, answering questions
  * Technical Committee supports addition of the repository to the DAC Migration DSS project
  * We'll create an onboarding issue to track what is needed to prepare the repo according to OpenRail's standards
* AMS
  * Discussion about the questionnaire
  * We need to check the repository to run the compliance assistant and see if there are anythings in there which could not be part of an OpenRail repo, so Loic asks Thibault to join next week to discuss anything around this question
  * Answers are based on an old version of the questionnaire. Loic asks THibault to add the answers to the questions which were recently added (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/blob/main/project-proposals/stage-1/stage-1-questionnaire.md)
     
