# Meeting on 2025-06-10
Present: Florian, Frederik, Lo√Øc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda
* BoD news
* Hack4Rail feedback
* NGE: Moving the repository
* RCM-DX: Updates

## Protocol
* BoD news:
  * Focus on seeking new projects. Members of the association can act as scouts. The "association development" is focused on this.
  * Flatland hosting projects: The BoD will address this subject once we have concrete budget.
  * TPLib: Infrabel will try to prioritize the tasks to make TPLib an open-source project.
* Hack4Rail:
  * Around 20 challenges.
  * We could select a few challenges and communicate about them to motivate people to work on them. They could become ORA projects.
  * Cornelius saw all teams/challenges, so he can help with the selection.
  * We could make the challenges public with a link to the existing work.
  * We could present what was done during the Hack4Rail at the December event. We should contact the Hack4Rail organizers. Idea for a talk: "How Hack4Rail can form new incubation projects for ORA."
* NGE: Moving the repository:
  * We still have two PRs open. A meeting will be organized to finalize the migration.
* RCM-DX updates:
  * Add MATLAB and Python scripts (included in the readme).
  * Will set up a release workflow.
  * The English version of the user manual will be reviewed and published.
