# Meeting on 2025-04-01

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Frederik, Lo√Øc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* Naming scheme for incubation stages (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/214)
* Information about the BoD
* Meeting with CFL
* Cloud-Hosting of OSRD by Flatland Association
* Chat-Tool
  
## Protocol

* Naming scheme for incubation stages (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/214)
  * Qualified and Adopted seems to be good
  * Formed is not ideal, because it can be interpreted differently, it might have the connotation of a process already be done
  * Possibe alternatives: Initialized, Emerging, Onboarded, Accepted, Ready, Boarded
  * Possible train theme: Boarded, Steaming, Arrived, Derailed ;-)
  * We will think about it and continue the discussion next week
* Information about the BoD
  * BoD meeting last week went well
  * Interesting discussion about advertising OpenRail and OpenRail projects
  * Plan for having an OpenRail event in December
  * Initial discussion about possibly hiring a person to address management tasks
  * Annual report was well received
* OpenRail event in December
  * Date is tentatively Dec 17th)
  * Transforming the OSRD event from the past two years in a more general OpenRail event
  * Half-day or daylong event in Paris with keynotes and booths
  * In English
  * Exact audience to be defined, inviting railway professionals, academia, etc.
  * Maybe do a morning program, the core event in the afternoon, so that it is doable as a day trip
  * Have time for socializing
  * We need a working group to organize it, help is welcome
* Meeting with CFL
  * We will send them the annual report, so that they have detailed project information, then we will organize a meeting based on the specific interests
* Cloud-Hosting of OSRD as Sandbox environment for people to try the software without having to install it themselves
  * Flatland Association presented a proposal at the board meeting
  * Alternative would be to host something on our own, we have budget and capabilities to run some VMs for a sandbox environment
  * We don't have a policy yet on how to distribute project costs between OpenRail Association and the projects
  * Next step is to talk to Erik to discuss the proposal (Loic and Florian take care of that), if we need OpenRail money we need to define the rules for that
    
