# Meeting on 2025-05-20

Present: Lo√Øc, Cornelius, Stephanie, Tristram, Max, Florian

## Agenda

* Requirements for Stage 3 (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/233)
* OSRD/Flatland Exchange
* Preparation for the next BoD (25th of June)
* New projects that could join

## Protocol

* Requirements for Stage 3 (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/233):
  * Waiting for approvals to merge the PR
* OSRD/Flatland Exchange
  * Flatland will host OSRD; pricing will be discussed later
  * OpenRailAssociation could decide to host project's demo (if projects can maintain it)
* Preparation for the next BoD (25th of June)
  * Will be discussed next week
* New projects that could join
  * Driver Advisory System: Meeting with the project on June 5
  * Future Railway Mobile Communication System (FRMCS): Opportunity to design and develop the API
