# Meeting on 2025-07-22
Present: Florian, Frederik, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram, Adrian

## Agenda

* NGE migration
* Bump matrix rooms
* Screening Hack4Rail projects

## Protocol

* Migration is planned for the 6th of August
* Max and Florian will bump rooms the 12th of August
* Hack4Rail project screening:
     * We will contact the Hack4Rail organizer to be in touch with selected project groups
     * Then we will gather their needs and see if there is an interest in joining the ORA as new project
     * List of selected projects
         * Onboard-switches-iac
         * Open Railway Styles -> We can combine styles, rebrand it, find some users.
         * ~ Human Centered Dispatch -> We still need to review it
     * Promessing projects (requires a more defined business needs, no active actions will be taken from us).
         * brave-new-stations / stations-of-sun
         * BuildConnect
         * AMissionToZero
         * TripHackerz -> Redirect them to the open transport community (fosdem)
         * Team Charged / Lithium-plus
         * D.I.R.T. -> The business needs are confusing
         * HeightWatchers
    * No code:
         * LoCo2 LoCo
