# Meeting on 2025-07-15

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Frederik, Lo√Øc, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* libLRS adoption
* Look at meetings over summer
* Hack4Rail projects (https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Ahack4rail-2025+org%3AOpenRail-Playground+fork%3Atrue&type=repositories)
* Capability model
  
## Protocol

* Another company part of the SNCF group has looked at libLRS and intends to use it
* We have some people around during summer as well, so we keep the meetings in the calendar. Will keep them short, if there is nothing to discuss
* Hack4Rail projects (https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Ahack4rail-2025+org%3AOpenRail-Playground+fork%3Atrue&type=repositories)
  * Small working group to screen the projects, what could be possible OpenRail candidate projects, and how we can support these projects to move forward, to become sustainable. We need to work together with the Hack4Rail organizers to align with the internal support they are organizing. Working Group members: Peter, Cornelius, Florian, Tristram, meeting on July 22nd, 16-17. There is some internal information about the challenges and the project pitches, we need to bring together to get the full picture.
  * Locate the projects in the capability model (possibly add publicode.yml files in the repositories)
* Capability model
  * Identify areas where there is potential for projects
  * Align it with DB model (and possibly other's models as well), so we can use it to find the corresponding contacts in the organizations
  * Once we have done this as a final test, we publish the capability model on GitHub (proper place to be defined), with a bit explaining descriptions, what are the pain points
