Meeting on 2025-03-04

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Lo√Øc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* Report of the TC at the board meeting on March 26th, slides are ready.
* Annual report, project sections (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/annual-report/milestone/1).
* Communication about OSRD that reach incubation stage.
* Adding CircleCI GithubApp to the org for testing purposes.

## Protocol

* The slide deck is ready for the board meeting
* Annual report
    * OSRD part still needs to be rewritten. Florian will handle this for next week.
    * We still need picture(s) for Netzgraphik Editor.
* We could write a News article on the website.
    * Then we can share it on social media (Linkedin...)
    * Next week Cornelius will talk about OpenrailAssociation at a [FossBackstage](https://25.foss-backstage.de/session/putting-the-railway-industry-on-the-open-source-track/).
    * We could reuse the talk for communication purposes.
* CircleCI:
    * Third party APP could contain security issues.
    * We can probably restrict the app to a limited number of repositories.
    * Conclusion: Agree, if we restrict it to osrd.
    * Openrail could provide documentation and recommendations on our internal tools/CI...
