# Meeting on 2025-03-18

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Frederik, Max, Peter, Tristram

## Agenda

* Project Handbook/Website of TC (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/211)
* Planned milestones of projects for 2025
* Annual report

## Protocol

* Project handbook
  * Do we want to separate the project handbook information and the rest of the content in the TC repo (meetings, project proposals)
  * It's hard to split things, as it's not always clear, if it belongs to the handbook or is "general" information
  * What is the target audience? Projects are a target group, internal audience, also targeted at new projects
  * We also have the OpenRail Association website for the outside world, also targeted at new members
  * Decision: We make the project handbook the TC website, keep it in one repository, add all the information of the repo we want to have on the website
  * Decision: We use the domain projects.openrailassociation.org
  * Decision: We add list of TC members, list of projects, incubation process definition, project proposal questionnaries
  * We try to minimize duplication by using Hugo mounts where needed, so that the repo doesn't contain redundancies. The website then renders that. We think search engines can deal with that to not confuse people.
* Milestones
  * We have concrete OSRD and DAC Migration DSS milestones for 2025 in the annual report
  * Netzgrafik-Editor:
    * Roadmap: https://github.com/SchweizerischeBundesbahnen/netzgrafik-editor-frontend/blob/main/ROADMAP.md
    * Short-term goals are for 2025
    * Peter will look at the roadmap and refine it if necessary
    * RCM OSS, library planned for 2026
    * libLRS, software is stable, increase adoption, incremental development
  * New projects: tp-lib is already a candidate, look at Entur projects, which would fit into the OpenRail Association (domain customer information, potentially large audience)
* Annual report: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/annual-report
  * Content is mostly final
  * Feedback is welcome, feel free to create issues and pull requests
  * If you have any additional pictures, please add them
  * We want to finalize the content this week
