# Meeting on 2025-11-25

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Peter, Max, Frederik, Stephanie, Tristram, Adrian

## **Agenda**

- **Logistics for TC Meetings**
- **Updates on `liblrs`**
- **Document for BoD**
- **Quality Report and Metrics for Public Repositories**

## **Minutes**

### **Logistics for TC Meetings**
- **Proposal:** Maintain the same meeting time for next year.
  - **Consensus:** No objections.
- **Action:** Peter will send invitations for next year.

### **Updates on `liblrs`**
- **Feedback:** Two new projects are adopting `liblrs` and providing input on missing features. ðŸŽ‰
- **Discussion:**
  - Cornelius: Suggested using the `public-code.yaml` file to document usage (e.g., `usedBy` field).
  - Peter: Proposed highlighting this in the **website/annual report**.
- **Action:** Tristram will confirm with users if they agree to be listed in the YAML file and related posts.

### **Updates on NGE**
- **New Contributor:** A railway operator using NGE for long-term planning has expressed interest in contributing. ðŸŽ‰
- **Discussion:**
  - We can like for liblrs share this news.

### **Document for BoD**
- **Action:** Florian will share the draft document via a **PR in the TC repository**.

### **Quality Report and Metrics for Public Repositories**
- **Tool:** Starting to use **Bitergia** for automated metrics.
- **Goal:** Generate reports to share with the Board.
- **Next Steps:** Cornelius has a meeting with Bitergia **tomorrow**.

