# Meeting on 2025-05-06

Present: Cornelius, Frederik, Lo√Øc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* Stage-3 requirements: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/233
* Administrative projects in website
* Server hosting for OpenRail

## Protocol

* Server hosting for OpenRail
  * Technically we have everything in place to host servers on the OpenRail side if this is needed
  * We want to minimize the work we have with maintaining servers and also need to look at costs
  * We want to be fair to projects and provide all projects the same opportunities (depending on the projects needs)
* Administrative projects on website
  * Where do we link the badge to?
  * Best would be to have a redirect, so we have a stable URL we can use in the links and we can change the destination centrally
  * For now the list of projects in the projects.md would be a good enough place to link to for administrative projects
* Stage-3 requirements:
  * Comments in https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/233
