# Meeting on 2025-02-18

Present: Peter, Frederik, Cornelius, Florian

## Agenda

* Project Handbook (Draft PR: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/113, Preview at https://cornelius.github.io/technical-committee/)
* Review OSRD stage 2 proposal: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/141
* Check annual report progression: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/annual-report/issues

## Protocol

* Project Handbook: Requires a rebase and adding a CI
  * Question about incubation stages. Should we keep everything in the markdown file or put some of it in the handbook?
  * We can keep the link as it is and see if the incubation stages are stable. Then we can copy it.
* OSRD Stage 2 application:
  * Address comments to make it mergeable and then check the TC part.
* Annual report
  * For pictures, we can include them in `2024/images`.
  * PR from RCM OSS is done.
  * PR from NetzGraphikEditor is done.
  * PR from OSRD is open.
* Any news from tp-lib?
  * We might want to get in touch with the new maintainers (keeping Mathias in the loop). -> Florian

