
# Meeting on [date in ISO-Format]

Present: Cornelius, Florian, Frederik, Max, Tristram

## Agenda

* Indicators for project opportunities (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/251)
* Scan the remaining Hack4Rail projects

## Protocol
* Indicator for project opportunities
  * Nice document, feedback/comments should be discussed in the PR
* Scan remaining H4R projects:
  * Smart Disoma / Human-Centred Dispatch:
    * Not railway specific.
    * Huge challenge and still a research subject.
    * Conclusion: No active actions taken for these two projects.
  * Chanel No6:
    * We should follow up with Flatland if they have the ambition to make it an open-source project.
