# Meeting on 2026-03-31

Present: Adrian, Cornelius, Florian, Frederik, Loïc, Max, Peter, Stephanie, Tristram

## Agenda

* InnoTrans
* Governance of NGE
* Use of AI in OpenRail projects
* OpenRail Meetup about open source in safety critical applications
* Hack4Rail

## Protocol

* InnoTrans
  * We need to know who can present the projects, looks like we can cover all
  * Presentations Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday (22-24 September), maybe several presentations per day
  * Videos running during the day
  * Panel discussion with OpenRail representative? We expect all board members to be at InnoTrans. The OpenRail Team also will mostly be there.
* Governance of NGE
  * Decided by the project
  * Keep technical committee in the loop on changes by tagging the TC team on GitHub: @OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee
* Use of AI in OpenRail projects
  * Currently not used systematically, but experimenting
  * Can we accept AI generated code? Legal questions? Maybe even more important quality? We have an open issue to create a policy: https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/293
  * Does the DCO still make sense?
  * Are creating agents technical debt even faster than humans?
  * What would be the consequence of AI models violating copyright? Who carries the risk, the AI vendors? What risk do have the users?
  * Different approaches in different parts of the world
  * Quality is important. The human committing should be confident to be able to commit it and apply quality criteria as they would to any type of code.
* Hack4Rail
  * Challenges are selected, registration for participants is opening on Apr 1st
  * OpenRail needs to name a person to be in the jury
       
